Document breaking change for SignalR MessagePack Hub Protocol (#17610)
dotnet/docs: includes/core-changes/aspnetcore/5.0/signalr-messagepack-package.md

### SignalR: MessagePack Hub Protocol moved to MessagePack 2.x package

> The ASP.NET Core SignalR [MessagePack Hub Protocol](/aspnet/core/signalr/messagepackhubprotocol) uses the [MessagePack NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/MessagePack) for MessagePack serialization. ASP.NET Core 5.0 upgrades from 1.x to the latest 2.x package version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ASP.NET Core SignalR [MessagePack Hub Protocol](/aspnet/core/signalr/messagepackhubprotocol) uses the [MessagePack NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/MessagePack) for MessagePack serialization. ASP.NET Core 5.0 upgrades the package from 1.x to the latest 2.x package version.
```

For discussion on this issue, see [dotnet/aspnetcore#18692](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/18692).

#### Version introduced

5.0 Preview 1

#### Old behavior

ASP.NET Core SignalR used the MessagePack 1.x package to serialize and deserialize MessagePack messages.

#### New behavior

> ASP.NET Core SignalR will use the MessagePack 2.x package to serialize and deserialize MessagePack messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core SignalR uses the MessagePack 2.x package to serialize and deserialize MessagePack messages.
```

#### Reason for change

> MessagePack 2.x adds useful functionality by adopting the latest improvements in that package.

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't quite make sense to me.
